Feature: More documentation! (#90)
Atom-Learning/components: src/documentation/stitches.mdx

---
title: Stitches

> description: Stitches is our styling library of choice, it leans on modern CSS best practices, has near-zero runtime, and provides a great developer experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Stitches is our styling library of choice(. I | because i)t leans on modern CSS best practices, has near-zero runtime, and provides a great developer experience
```

`@atom-learning/components` exports not only a collection of React components built with Stitches but also the full Stitches library to allow full use of `styled()` and other related methods. This enables you to write more complex components with variants, typed tokens, descendant selectors, keyframe animations and more, some of which are unavailable when using `css`.

When creating a new component alongside the component library we recommend that you utilise the `styled()` function to maintain a consistent component API. This will automatically provide `as` and `css` to the user without any extra configuration, in a way that `<Box />` or another generic layout component wouldn't.

## Utilities

Stitches enables you to create shorthand utilities to improve the CSS authoring experience within `styled()` or `css`. We have provided an initial set of utilities that should be a useful starting point when composing components with a need to provide contextual layout or styles.

A quick example using `bg` and `size` to create a little blue square.

```jsx preview
<Box css={{ bg: '$primary200', size: 100 }} />
```

> The full list of utilties below

Reviewer: I feel slightly wary of reproducing the whole list here because it feels like we're setting ourselves up to forget to update it if we update the list in code. Could we give an example and then link to the code for the full list?

Author: I'm able to embed the _actual_ list of utilities here instead, but it's formatted production code, e.g. `m: () => (e) => ({ margin: e });`.

How do we feel about that compared to linking out to the file?

Author: It works well with the responsive conditions but less so with the utilities:

![Screenshot 2021-03-19 at 10 12 37](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3226804/111764912-a8e7bd00-889b-11eb-962c-11ace6569ff3.png)

Reviewer 2: I don't mind it as our utils are quite simple at the moment. They don't do anything long or complicated for the formating to be a dealbreaker

Author: Scrapped both, just copying in the conditions for now.
